i
with the practice of our exercises
previous now let's make eyes
humans on the leaves we are going to mark
the upper part of the eye the outlined
and we're going to make sure they're the same
size
now let's mark the bottom of the
eye but now uniting it so that
let's get a pair of eyes trying that
are the same size in this case not
it is necessary to use white paint when
background because our sheet is white
let's make the girl's eyes
marking the center of the eye with a
small line or a point
from both sides is the first thing that we should
do to know that from there
let's slide the brush in
circular shape
and fill in what
to achieve
cover
how are we doing in this way
the paint is expanded to the sides
because white surfaces should not
to be older
if you make a small circle and
they leave a white surface on the sides
very large are going to be bulging eyes
we have to make both eyes remain
as much as you can
if you fix the top part of the
circle that we are doing is more
wide that the bottom part
of the eye circle let's go expanding
until you make it look like each other
it does not matter what color they want to put
in the previous exercise we use
coffee painting
we do the exercise again
outlining the top of the
eyes and the bottom part joining them
Now we are going to use
another eye color so they can see the
difference more not because of the color we
we will always use the same
technique
we mark our centers with a line
or with a point and from there
we slide the brush sideways in
circular shape
until filling up where we create
we enough that it looks adequate
the eye
the white surfaces we already have
therefore what we are expanding
now it's only with the paint of the
center
all movements of the center towards
outside